Core.

    What is your character’s name? Rudolph Goldleaf
    What does your character’s first name mean? nothing special
    What does your character's last name mean? nothing special
    Does your character have a title? Let's not talk about it. 

Age. 23

For help on days, months and years of the world, click the following link = Golarion-Lore-The-Spoiler-Free-Version

    How old is your character? 23
    What year was your character born?
    What day is your character’s birthday?
    At what age did they become an adventurer?

Class #1.

    What is your character’s class? Investigator
    Does your character enjoy their class? yes
    How did your character become their class? rudolph has always been interested in lots of things. he worked as a merchant of magical trinklets, for his employer Bill "the Brag" BloomBeam.
    Who trained your character in their class? Bill BloomBeam. Rudolph fled from the shop after a deal went sour with a shady customer who treatend to kill him.

Class #2. (If using dual class) Normally dual class is gained during a session via a powerful artifact or a given boon. You should write your character assuming they do not have their 2nd class yet as they will not start playing with it.

    What will/is your character’s 2nd class be?
    Does/Will your character enjoy their 2nd class?

Race

    What is your character’s Race? Halfling
    What is your character’s Sub-Race? Observant Halfling
    Has your character met other members of their race? yes
    Does your character like your race? yes

Parents and Family.

    Where was your character born? unknown
    Where were you raised? 
    Who raised your characters? I was raised by Bill BroomBeam as an orphan
    Who are your parents? don't know, Bill was like a father to me
    What are your parents’ names? not applicable
    Are your parents alive? no
    What did your parents do for a living? Bill sold obscure items and magical trinkets
    Do you have any other family or friends? I used to have some  drinking budies before I fled town

Love.

    What is your character’s sexuality? Male
    What is your character’s marital status? single
    Does your character have kids? no
    Does your character want kids? not at the moment
    Is your character in love? no
    Has your character ever been in love? He used to be sweet with a local barmaid but that didnt last long.

The Mind | Thoughts and Feelings.

    What is your character’s alignment? NG
    What is your character’s moral code? 
    Does your character have goals? 
    Does your character follow a God? not realy
    What God (if any) does your character follow? Rudolph sometimes prais to Desna for good luck
    What are your character’s personal beliefs?live and let live. One shouldn't turn down a profit.
    Does your character have any personality quirks? he sometimes looses himself in facination for mysteries.
    Are they anti-social? no
    Are they Arrogant? maybe a little bit. Rudolph likes to explain how things work.
    Are they Optimistic? not realy 
    Are They Paranoid? not realy
    Why does your character adventure? to make a living and get away from his previous life
    How does your character view his/her role as an adventurer? he's along for the ride, hoping to find new mysteries to solve. explore things he has never seen and maybe make a profit.
    How does your character get along with others? overall easy going.
    Is there anything that your character hates? people who follow the rules very strict, necromancy
    Is there anything that your character fears? he's not to fond of dark magic

The Body | Biological Appearance.

    What does your character look like?
    Gender M
    Height
    Weight
    Skin colour
    Eye colour
    Hair colour
    Hair length
    Hairstyle.
    Physique and body shape.
    What additional attributes would be noticed upon meeting the character?
    How do they Speak?
    What are their Mannerisms?
    Does your character have any distinguishing marks?
    Do they have birthmarks?
    Do they have Scars?
    Do they have Deformities?
    Is your character attractive?
    Whatever is applicable: Cock Size? Breast Size? Cock Size = 2d6 for inches. 1d10 for decimal place. If you roll 7 and 5, you get a 7.5-inch dick.
    Any aspects of your character that are unusual?

Weapons.

    What kind of weapons does your character fight with?
        What does your character’s weapon look like?
        Who made your character’s weapon?
        Who added the runes to your character’s weapons?
        Who trained your character in using weapons?
        Does your character like using weapons?

Armour.

    What kind of armour does your character wear?
    What does your character’s armour look like?
    Who made your character’s armour?
    Who added the runes to your character’s armour?
    Who trained your character in wearing armour?
    Does your character like wearing armour? Magic 1. What kind of magic does your character use?
    Does your character like magic?
    Is your character magical?
    How is your character magical?
    Who trained your character in using weapons?
    Does your character like using weapons?
    Do you have any magical items? Staff? Wands?
    Where did you get your magical items?

Spell Caster.

    Can your character cast spells?
        What tradition is your character’s magic? Arcane? Primal? Divine? Occult?
        Where does your character’s magic come from?
        Who trained your character to use your magic?
        What does your character like to do with your magic?
        What is the highest level spell slot your character has access to?

Equipment.

    Does your character have a backpack?
    What does your character’s backpack look like?
    Does your character have a bag of holding?
    What does your character’s bag of holding look like?

Food and Drink.

    What does your character like to eat?
    What does your character not like to eat?
    What does your character like to drink?
    What does your character not like to drink?
    Does your character cook?
    Does your character drink alcohol? If so, how heavily?
    Do they partake in Drugs?

Alignment Scale.

    What is your character’s alignment scale?

Go to this page to find out your alignment scale.

Alignment Scale.
Backstory.

Finally, what is your character’s backstory?
Backstory by Year.

Now find out the current campaign's current in-game year. For Doomsday Funtime it is currently 4710 AR. If your character is 25 years old, then your character was born in 4685 AR.

Take each year, put a colon and write what the character did that year, starting with their birth year. In the above example, it would go like this: 4685 AR, age 0: Born to my parents in Deep-Water. 4686 AR, age 1: The dragon attack on Deep-Water, parents are dead. ... (You would fill this in). 4705 AR, age 20: Achieved first level in rogue. 4708 AR, age 23: Joined the party.

If you have any other questions about this, please contact me on my telegram.
Beyond the first level.

    Are you higher than level 1? What level?
    What year did your character achieve first level in their class?
    How long has it been chronologically since your character was first level?
    What has your character been doing since they started adventuring (aka first level)?
    How did you achieve each level? Aka what did you kill to level up?
    How long did each level take to achieve?

Time since level 1.

This is a continuation of the 'Backstory by each year' section for if you are starting after the first level. This section involves writing what your character has been doing since level 1 aka since their backstory.

To do this, you can decide at what age the character became level 1, and what age they are now. Example: Level 1 at age 20, level 10 at age 25. This example would put the character at a progression rate of 6 months to 1 level. For a human this is pretty normal, but for an elf you may space levels out over decades, longer for some other races.

Assuming level 1 at age 20, that means they came level 1 in 4705 AR. Now we expand out your 'backstory by year' section but including 'level x' after the age of our character before the colon.

Example = 4705 AR, age 20, level 2: Killed my first human and drunk their blood, sanity is starting to leave me...
